# Joshua  23
1. And it came to pass a long time after that YHWH had given rest unto Israel from all their enemies round about, that Joshua waxed old and stricken in age. 
2. And Joshua called for all Israel, and for their elders, and for their heads, and for their judges, and for their officers, and said unto them, I am old and stricken in age: 
3. And ye have seen all that YHWH your God hath done unto all these nations because of you; for YHWH your God is he that hath fought for you. 
4. Behold, I have divided unto you by lot these nations that remain, to be an inheritance for your tribes, from Jordan, with all the nations that I have cut off, even unto the great sea westward. 
5. And YHWH your God, he shall expel them from before you, and drive them from out of your sight; and ye shall possess their land, as YHWH your God hath promised unto you. 
6. Be ye therefore very courageous to keep and to do all that is written in the book of the law of Moses, that ye turn not aside therefrom to the right hand or to the left; 
7. That ye come not among these nations, these that remain among you; neither make mention of the name of their gods, nor cause to swear by them, neither serve them, nor bow yourselves unto them: 
8. But cleave unto YHWH your God, as ye have done unto this day. 
9. For YHWH hath driven out from before you great nations and strong: but as for you, no man hath been able to stand before you unto this day. 
10. One man of you shall chase a thousand: for YHWH your God, he it is that fighteth for you, as he hath promised you. 
11. Take good heed therefore unto yourselves, that ye love YHWH your God. 
12. Else if ye do in any wise go back, and cleave unto the remnant of these nations, even these that remain among you, and shall make marriages with them, and go in unto them, and they to you: 
13. Know for a certainty that YHWH your God will no more drive out any of these nations from before you; but they shall be snares and traps unto you, and scourges in your sides, and thorns in your eyes, until ye perish from off this good land which YHWH your God hath given you. 
14. And, behold, this day I am going the way of all the earth: and ye know in all your hearts and in all your souls, that not one thing hath failed of all the good things which YHWH your God spake concerning you; all are come to pass unto you, and not one thing hath failed thereof. 
15. Therefore it shall come to pass, that as all good things are come upon you, which YHWH your God promised you; so shall YHWH bring upon you all evil things, until he have destroyed you from off this good land which YHWH your God hath given you. 
16. When ye have transgressed the covenant of YHWH your God, which he commanded you, and have gone and served other gods, and bowed yourselves to them; then shall the anger of YHWH be kindled against you, and ye shall perish quickly from off the good land which he hath given unto you. 
