# Psalms  34
1. A Psalm of David, when he changed his behaviour before Abimelech; who drove him away, and he departed. I will bless YHWH at all times: his praise shall continually be in my mouth. 
2. My soul shall make her boast in YHWH: the humble shall hear thereof, and be glad. 
3. O magnify YHWH with me, and let us exalt his name together. 
4. I sought YHWH, and he heard me, and delivered me from all my fears. 
5. They looked unto him, and were lightened: and their faces were not ashamed. 
6. This poor man cried, and YHWH heard him, and saved him out of all his troubles. 
7. The angel of YHWH encampeth round about them that fear him, and delivereth them. 
8. O taste and see that YHWH is good: blessed is the man that trusteth in him. 
9. O fear YHWH, ye his saints: for there is no want to them that fear him. 
10. The young lions do lack, and suffer hunger: but they that seek YHWH shall not want any good thing. 
11. Come, ye children, hearken unto me: I will teach you the fear of YHWH. 
12. What man is he that desireth life, and loveth many days, that he may see good? 
13. Keep thy tongue from evil, and thy lips from speaking guile. 
14. Depart from evil, and do good; seek peace, and pursue it. 
15. The eyes of YHWH are upon the righteous, and his ears are open unto their cry. 
16. The face of YHWH is against them that do evil, to cut off the remembrance of them from the earth. 
17. The righteous cry, and YHWH heareth, and delivereth them out of all their troubles. 
18. YHWH is nigh unto them that are of a broken heart; and saveth such as be of a contrite spirit. 
19. Many are the afflictions of the righteous: but YHWH delivereth him out of them all. 
20. He keepeth all his bones: not one of them is broken. 
21. Evil shall slay the wicked: and they that hate the righteous shall be desolate. 
22. YHWH redeemeth the soul of his servants: and none of them that trust in him shall be desolate. 
