# Psalms 33
1. Rejoice in YHWH, O ye righteous: for praise is comely for the upright. 
2. Praise YHWH with harp: sing unto him with the psaltery and an instrument of ten strings. 
3. Sing unto him a new song; play skilfully with a loud noise. 
4. For the word of YHWH is right; and all his works are done in truth. 
5. He loveth righteousness and judgment: the earth is full of the goodness of YHWH. 
6. By the word of YHWH were the heavens made; and all the host of them by the breath of his mouth. 
7. He gathereth the waters of the sea together as an heap: he layeth up the depth in storehouses. 
8. Let all the earth fear YHWH: let all the inhabitants of the world stand in awe of him. 
9. For he spake, and it was done; he commanded, and it stood fast. 
10. YHWH bringeth the counsel of the heathen to nought: he maketh the devices of the people of none effect. 
11. The counsel of YHWH standeth for ever, the thoughts of his heart to all generations. 
12. Blessed is the nation whose God is YHWH; and the people whom he hath chosen for his own inheritance. 
13. YHWH looketh from heaven; he beholdeth all the sons of men. 
14. From the place of his habitation he looketh upon all the inhabitants of the earth. 
15. He fashioneth their hearts alike; he considereth all their works. 
16. There is no king saved by the multitude of an host: a mighty man is not delivered by much strength. 
17. An horse is a vain thing for safety: neither shall he deliver any by his great strength. 
18. Behold, the eye of YHWH is upon them that fear him, upon them that hope in his mercy; 
19. To deliver their soul from death, and to keep them alive in famine. 
20. Our soul waiteth for YHWH: he is our help and our shield. 
21. For our heart shall rejoice in him, because we have trusted in his holy name. 
22. Let thy mercy, O LORD, be upon us, according as we hope in thee. 
