# Psalms 135
1. Praise ye YHWH. Praise ye the name of YHWH; praise him, O ye servants of YHWH. 
2. Ye that stand in the house of YHWH, in the courts of the house of our God, 
3. Praise YHWH; for YHWH is good: sing praises unto his name; for it is pleasant. 
4. For YHWH hath chosen Jacob unto himself, and Israel for his peculiar treasure. 
5. For I know that YHWH is great, and that our YHWH is above all gods. 
6. Whatsoever YHWH pleased, that did he in heaven, and in earth, in the seas, and all deep places. 
7. He causeth the vapours to ascend from the ends of the earth; he maketh lightnings for the rain; he bringeth the wind out of his treasuries. 
8. Who smote the firstborn of Egypt, both of man and beast. 
9. Who sent tokens and wonders into the midst of thee, O Egypt, upon Pharaoh, and upon all his servants. 
10. Who smote great nations, and slew mighty kings; 
11. Sihon king of the Amorites, and Og king of Bashan, and all the kingdoms of Canaan: 
12. And gave their land for an heritage, an heritage unto Israel his people. 
13. Thy name, O YHWH, endureth for ever; and thy memorial, O YHWH, throughout all generations. 
14. For YHWH will judge his people, and he will repent himself concerning his servants. 
15. The idols of the heathen are silver and gold, the work of men’s hands. 
16. They have mouths, but they speak not; eyes have they, but they see not; 
17. They have ears, but they hear not; neither is there any breath in their mouths. 
18. They that make them are like unto them: so is every one that trusteth in them. 
19. Bless YHWH, O house of Israel: bless YHWH, O house of Aaron: 
20. Bless YHWH, O house of Levi: ye that fear YHWH, bless YHWH. 
21. Blessed be YHWH out of Zion, which dwelleth at Jerusalem. Praise ye YHWH. 
