# Psalms 118
1. O give thanks unto YHWH; for he is good: because his mercy endureth for ever. 
2. Let Israel now say, that his mercy endureth for ever. 
3. Let the house of Aaron now say, that his mercy endureth for ever. 
4. Let them now that fear YHWH say, that his mercy endureth for ever. 
5. I called upon YHWH in distress: YHWH answered me, and set me in a large place. 
6. YHWH is on my side; I will not fear: what can man do unto me? 
7. YHWH taketh my part with them that help me: therefore shall I see my desire upon them that hate me. 
8. It is better to trust in YHWH than to put confidence in man. 
9. It is better to trust in YHWH than to put confidence in princes. 
10. All nations compassed me about: but in the name of YHWH will I destroy them. 
11. They compassed me about; yea, they compassed me about: but in the name of YHWH I will destroy them. 
12. They compassed me about like bees; they are quenched as the fire of thorns: for in the name of YHWH I will destroy them. 
13. Thou hast thrust sore at me that I might fall: but YHWH helped me. 
14. YHWH is my strength and song, and is become my salvation. 
15. The voice of rejoicing and salvation is in the tabernacles of the righteous: the right hand of YHWH doeth valiantly. 
16. The right hand of YHWH is exalted: the right hand of YHWH doeth valiantly. 
17. I shall not die, but live, and declare the works of YHWH. 
18. YHWH hath chastened me sore: but he hath not given me over unto death. 
19. Open to me the gates of righteousness: I will go into them, and I will praise YHWH: 
20. This gate of YHWH, into which the righteous shall enter. 
21. I will praise thee: for thou hast heard me, and art become my salvation. 
22. The stone which the builders refused is become the head stone of the corner. 
23. This is YHWH’s doing; it is marvellous in our eyes. 
24. This is the day which YHWH hath made; we will rejoice and be glad in it. 
25. Save now, I beseech thee, O YHWH: O YHWH, I beseech thee, send now prosperity. 
26. Blessed be he that cometh in the name of YHWH: we have blessed you out of the house of YHWH. 
27. God is YHWH, which hath shewed us light: bind the sacrifice with cords, even unto the horns of the altar. 
28. Thou art my God, and I will praise thee: thou art my God, I will exalt thee. 
29. O give thanks unto YHWH; for he is good: for his mercy endureth for ever. 
